 As the eleventh and penultimate sign of the zodiac, Aquarius is actually the final air sign, which means it deals with air-related concepts (we'll get more into that momentarily) from a macro-perspective. Of all the zodiac signs, Aquarius is undoubtedly the most innovative, progressive, rebellious, and humanitarian. And while Aquarius can often be found planning a revolution or proudly flaunting their funky fashion sensibility, they also have an often overlooked sensitive side that requires appreciation, support, and love.

Air energy is all about the mind. Intellectual, curious, and deeply social, the air signs (Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius) are passionate about interpersonal dynamics. As the last air sign in the zodiac, however, Aquarius takes these concepts to a whole other level. Aquarius is represented by the water bearer (hence the "aqua"), the mystical healer who bestows water, or life, upon the land. Represented by the Star card in tarot, Aquarius can be visualized as a larger-than-life, mythical being with one foot firmly planted on the soil (representing a sense of being grounded) and one positioned in the water. Aquarius is holding a vase, which pours new streams of inspiration to cultivate longevity, healing, and hope. Here, it's important to remember that Aquarius is removed from this process — from this vantage, we can see that Aquarius is positioned as an independent entity separate from the life-giving hydration it offers the cracked soil. In this respect, Aquarius exposes its deep connection to community: Rooted in teamwork, collaboration, and the concept of the "greater good," Aquarius is determined to make a powerful difference in the world.

Aquarius is ruled by Uranus, the planet that governs innovation, technology, and surprising events. Uranus perfectly mirrors Aquarius' distinctive attitude, complementing the nontraditional nature of these visionary air signs. Aquarians are big thinkers, but mustn't forget their immediate surroundings. These water bearers can become so focused on implementing widespread reform that they neglect their family and friends, gaining a reputation for being distant in relationships. Aquarians should remember that progress always starts on a micro level and advocate empathy and compassion wherever possible.

What makes an Aquarius happy?

As the humanitarian of the zodiac, this sign does have a bit of a reputation for being cold, aloof, and somewhat detached. Here's the thing: Aquarius hates small talk. Aquarius is totally disinterested in petty gossip and, frankly, could care less about people-please niceties. This zodiac sign is committed to creating a large-scale impact from the ground up, which means these revolutionaries are all about macro change. Aquarius aspires to move the needle through radical social progress, so if they seem disinterested, it's likely because the issue at hand isn’t community-focused. Shifting the conversation from "me" to "we" (as in, the collective) will absolutely pique Aquarius' interest!


Every Aquarian is a rebel at heart: These air signs don't mesh well with authority-figures, let alone any institution that represents tradition and long-standing convention. Free-spirited and eccentric, you can often spot this air sign through their offbeat fashion sensibilities, unusual hobbies, and nonconformist attitude. If you're an Aquarius yourself, keep in mind that solar and lunar eclipses can have large-scale impact, so be sure to look out for these major astrological milestones. While you're at it, go ahead and dig deeper on your Aquarius horoscope — there's always more to uncover!

What are Aquarius weaknesses?

As a fixed sign, Aquarius definitely has a stubborn streak — when this sign makes up their mind, there's no going back! Aquarius' hardheadedness can get them into trouble from time to time. Once Aquarius is committed to a new system or approach, it's hard for them to look at a situation from a different perspective. This is often considered an Achilles' heel. (In fact, in medical astrology, Aquarius governs the ankles.) Aquarian obstinacy stems from strong, righteous conviction and it's quelled as soon as an Aquarius gets the chance to enact change. Because these water bearers are so deeply motivated by the spirit of egalitarianism, they enjoy teamwork and participating in communities of like-minded individuals.

Who should Aquarius avoid? 

Aquarians need plenty of space and time on their own to reflect, form ideas, and plan their role in the revolution. Ultimately, freedom is of the utmost importance for Aquarians, who view challenges to their independence as power-hungry attempts to control them. To win an Aquarian's trust, don't try to reign in their quirks or keep them from flying their freak flag high — Aquarius thrives on shock value. Fellow fixed signs, Taurus and Scorpio, can be a bit problematic for Aquarius — like Aquarius, they're known to be stubborn, and too many strongly opinionated people can feel like too many cooks in the kitchen. Although Aquarius can make a romantic relationship work with any zodiac sign, these water bearers must remember that compromise is extremely important: Not everyone is going to care about the same things, but that’s what makes the world a beautiful place!

Who's the best match for Aquarius?

Aquarius loves the fearless autonomy of the fire signs (Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius), and the intellectual connection of fellow air sign (Gemini and Libra). But, when it comes to Aquarius compatibility, there's no sign that's totally off-limits. Fundamentally, Aquarius is attracted to fellow revolutionaries — people who are spirited, passionate, and dedicated to making the world a better place. No matter the zodiac sign, Aquarians are drawn to lovers who aren't afraid to break the rules… or, at the very least, don't mind Aquarius' steadfast commitment to the cause. Because Aquarians are always thinking big-picture, partnership isn't just about an interpersonal dynamic — it’s actually a political statement. Duh.


Philosophical but detached

A deep-thinker with a humanitarian streak, an Aquarian has grand plans to change the world. Shame that they left the party early though because their reclusive nature makes it hard for them to establish bonds with those around them. 

Philosophical

Don’t let the ‘aqua’ in its moniker fool you. This airy sign is not one to get tied down with arbitrary ideals. At the risk of earning a reputation as detached and aloof, this analytical and innovative sign would rather stand at the fringes of the crowd instead of following the herd. 
Purposefully esoteric
No feelings, just concepts
Actually believes in conspiracy theories
More in love with humanity as a whole than individuals
Always feels like an outcast
Fetishizes personal freedom

An Air element along with Gemini and Libra ruled by the planet Uranus, Aquarius are smart, analytical and original. You are hugely creative and unique. Your unconventional and eccentric ways can make you a little unpredictable. People probs think you're a bit weird, but if they're the type of people you want in your life, they also think your weirdness is what makes you so wonderful.

Your analytical nature can make you a bit detached. If anyone's got serious bottled up emotion, it's you. You're strong though and very independent. It just takes a lot for you to let someone in.




Everyone gets it—you’re unique! You love to stand out and, true to your nature as an air sign, love to talk and socialize even more. Nothing makes you happier than when you get to add your controversial opinion to a discussion and (1) force others to reconsider their stance and (2) earn recognition for your viewpoint. As a result, you make it a point to share your ~different~ and *special* thoughts all the time. It stems from the fact that you’re the zodiac’s archetypal rebel. This is the root of your humanitarian and progressive views—your sign is all about fighting the power—but it also causes your unpredictable and sometimes annoying behavior.

According to The Ascendant, you’re a natural revolutionary born to assert your independence in every way possible. You are a deeply creative thinker and often dream about changing the world with your big ideas and unconventional attitude. You're an innovator who sees the world in a unique way, and you work hard to make the world better, too. You're one of the most idealistic signs of the zodiac, and you live up to your values. 

Intellectual, independent and contemplative, Aquarians are often deeply focused on their beliefs and ideas. They are hungry for knowledge in order to better establish their firm perception on how the universe and society operate around them. Open to exploring new concepts, once they have found their core analysis, they will not waver from their point of view. On one hand, this can bring them a sense of brilliance for exploring more about life and people but, on the other, it can just as easily make an Aquarian stubborn and close-minded in the end. Aquarian people are especially social. They like to present themselves as unique, eccentric and inventive — different from the crowd.

Ruled by Saturn and Uranus, people born under this sign are often humanitarian-focused, visionaries, and progressive souls interested in making the world a much better place. (Can ya blame ‘em?)

Aquarius’ innovative mind and courage to be weird (and they can get really weird) are some of the water bearer’s major strong points. As Marquardt puts it, they don’t care about what’s socially acceptable—they’re all about squashing the norms and progressing forward.

On the other hand, these revolutionaries tend to be hyper-independent, creating a distance between themselves and others. In romantic relationships, they value their alone time and won’t tie their partner down, which can be frustrating for a QT-loving S.O. But “where they lack in one-on-one dynamics, they make up for in their passion for the larger global community,” explains Quinn.

Aquarius is also very honest—almost to a fault. “Aquarians don’t like conflict, but will speak their mind, often with powerful honesty,” says Ward. “They won’t hold back to spare others’ feelings.”

Aquarius is associated with the eleventh house of community and friendship. Suddenly, their rebel-with-a-cause energy makes so much sense!

Despite the linguistic cues, Aquarius is an air and not a water sign. Its symbol, however, is the water bearer. They are forward thinkers, and thought to be incredibly truthful and intelligent -- their creative and intellectual energy unmatched in the Zodiac. 

The quirky alternative of the Zodiac, Aquarius beats to the rhythm of its own drum. They are forward-thinkers, innovators, constantly looking towards the next big thing and deeply concerned with the collective. Humanitarians at heart, they may be a bit removed at times, not in touch with their emotions- too focussed on the whole rather than the individual parts. Aquarians are intellectual, offbeat individuals- who like to be known as such! They are progressive, independent, and idealistic. They’re comfortable on the fringes of society and have a unique vision of the world.

Aquarius people are original and independent, with a humanitarian mentality. They are attracted to progressive ideas and love to champion just causes. Their innovative nature makes them unique in their approach to life

Friendly and humanitarian 
Honest and loyal 
Original and inventive 
Independent and intellectual 

Intractable and contrary 
Perverse and unpredictable 
Unemotional and detached

Strengths: Progressive, original, independent, humanitarian
Weaknesses: Runs from emotional expression, temperamental, uncompromising, aloof

Those with an Aquarius Sun are driven by a desire to make the world a better place and to help everyone they can along the way. They are unorthodox and unconventional and usually have an eclectic collection of friends from every walk of life.

Innovative
Unconventional
Humanitarian
Independent
Detached

They often have unique ideas and are dedicated to making the world a better place.

With the water bearer at its helm, Aquarians are the most humanitarian of the Zodiac. They are esoteric and thrive in large groups, and are typically emotionally intelligent and empathetic.

