Aries loves to be number one, so it’s no surprise that these audacious rams are the first sign of the zodiac. Bold and ambitious, Aries dives headfirst into even the most challenging situations (which is appropriate, since the body part associated with Aries is the head). Like their fellow fire signs, Leo and Sagittarius, Aries is a passionate, motivated, and confident leader who builds community with their cheerful disposition and relentless determination. Uncomplicated and direct in their approach, they often get frustrated by exhaustive details and unnecessary nuances. They like things quick and dirty, a temperament also reflected in their sexual proclivities.
Aries is a cardinal sign that kicks off not only the spring season but also the entire zodiac wheel. Astrologers believe that each sign learns the lessons absorbed by its preceding signs, both joyful and painful. In the case of Aries, however, there is no inherited wisdom: Aries leads with blind optimism, barreling through life with an electric joie de vivre that perfectly complements their distinctive impulsivity.

These fire signs think after they leap, which often results in lessons learned the hard way. Aries represents the singular spirit (while Aries’s opposite sign, Libra, symbolizes partnership). These rams adhere to an “every person for themselves” philosophy. While this self-determination can be inspiring, Aries needs to watch out for selfish tendencies.

This sign is ruled by Mars, the dynamic red planet named after the Roman god of war. Accordingly, these courageous rams are always armed and ready for battle. Aries is known for an explosive temper, and although their outbursts don’t last long, it’s definitely best to avoid fiery rams until the steam has dissipated. But when these brazen rams are not flying off the handle, they’re upbeat, positive, and playful creatures who enjoy living life to the fullest. You can always spot an Aries excelling on the sports field, speeding down the highway, or organizing a vibrant party game.


Competitive but insecure

There is nothing an Aries cannot achieve once they set their mind to it—no mountain is too high. However, you will also find them nursing a hidden imposter syndrome that can chip away at their confidence if allowed free rein. 

 Courage

As the first sign in the zodiac lineup, it should come as no surprise that Aries is always ready to dive headfirst into a challenge. This up-and-at-’em attitude means that you don’t let life’s setbacks keep you down for long—there’s always a new mountain to be conquered!

Thinks everything is a game they can win
Will do anything on a dare
Easily bored

You are a natural born leader. Ruled by Mars (the god of War), it's probably no surprise that you're known for being ballsy and pioneering.

You're tenacious and don't get scared. You like to take risks, try new experiences and get an adrenaline rush. Sure, it might mean that things don't always go your way, but it also makes you passionate and full of fire. If there's one thing you're not, Aries, it's boring.

Your fire element is what makes you so energetic and creative, and thanks to being first in the zodiac, you don't fixate on the past. No regrets. Your optimism and hope makes you caring and generous. You're a good pal, Aries.

Yours is the first sign of the zodiac—the “baby,” so to speak—and your need for recognition and attention can be a little, well, infantile. You naturally assert your ideas and opinions in any situation no matter the context, and you tend to make things about yourself. It feels good to be recognized for your accomplishments (and boy, do you have a lot of them), but you chase this validation and demand others acknowledge how you feel, what you say, and what you do 24/7. It can come off as self-centered and push others away—which, ironically, deprives you of the attention you need. And you think that ANY kind of attention is good attention.

Your great ideas, creative mind, and natural drive form the skill set of an incredible leader—which you have the potential to be. Your competitive nature will contribute to your many successes in life, making your achievements a positive influence in the lives of the people around you. Use your passion to inspire your peers with your abundant enthusiasm, and offer your suggestions to help them grow. 

Bold, pioneering and courageous, Aries is the leader of the zodiac. They are daring and adventurous and are unafraid to strike out into unknown territory where others would be unable to go. An eternal child at heart, Aries are energetic and aggressive, filled with an enthusiasm for life. They can be quick to anger, but also just as eager to laugh and move on. These people tend to be ambitious, active and honest, eager to open themselves up to every one of life’s possibilities. Aries are independent and enjoy sharing their fiery personalities with the world.


Aries signs are symbolized by the ram, and they loooove being the leader of the pack. “Because they’re ruled by Mars and are the first fire and cardinal sign, Aries prefer to initiate,” says Montúfar. Basically, if you’ve got a project you need to get done or a recipe you’ve been dying to try, call an Aries for a kick-start.

Their boldness is one of many strengths that has earned them their rebel reputation. “Aries zodiac signs are willing to try new things and take risks,” explains astrology expert Imani Quinn.

But the ram’s fearlessness can be a double-edged sword. “Their passion and fire energy can also make them very aggressive, with a hot head, which can wound others because of their hasty and impulsive actions,” explains Quinn.

Not to mention, they usually have to be entertained or they can get restless pretty quickly, says tarot reader Kerry Ward: “Aries see everything as a competition, and they can fight in an empty room.” Their over-competitiveness is a major downside as striving for first place puts a ton of pressure to win, adds Marquardt.

Aries is associated with the first house of self, which reflects identity, drive, and ego. Perhaps it's no surprise then that the fire sign is determined and eager to be the best version of themselves—no matter what it takes.

This sign is known to be competitive, and to often get their way. Ariesare also warm, bold and lively. Appropriately, the symbol for Aries is the ram.


Adventurous and energetic
Pioneering and courageous
Enthusiastic and confident
Dynamic and quick-witted 

Selfish and quick-tempered
Impulsive and impatient
Foolhardy and daredevil 

Strengths: courageous, determined, confident, enthusiastic, optimistic, honest, passionate
Weaknesses: impatient, moody, short-tempered, impulsive, aggressive

Those with their Sun in Aries are self-centered, take the initiative, act independently and are passionate about life. They are outgoing individuals who are friendly but strong-willed, ambitious, and want to be number one in everything they do.

Energetic
Courageous
Independent
Impulsive
Competitive

Aries individuals are known for their enthusiasm, courage, and leadership qualities. They are often seen as confident, competitive, and adventurous.
Aries is symbolised by the ram for a reason… this fire sign has a competitive edge, with Aries typically unafraid of conflict and almost disarmingly blunt. They are commendably fearless and ambitious — with a knack for coming out on top.

Kicking off the start of the Astrological year, we have the bold and life path carving Aries. Like a newborn baby, Aries knows exactly what it needs and when, and is not afraid to demand it. They’re brave and fearless leaders, sure it what they want and deserve, courageously standing tall in their opinions. The first of the 6 inner-focussed Signs, Aries is concerned with the Self, not in a selfish way, but in a way that is unafraid to take up space. They are direct, passionate, and headstrong.

Aries is the pioneer of the zodiac, due to their impulsive and bright energy. They love a challenge and are always ready to take the initiative. Their self-confidence and competitive spirit propel them towards new adventures with unfailing determination. 