Cancer is a cardinal water sign. Represented by the crab, this oceanic crustacean seamlessly weaves between the sea and shore, representing Cancer’s ability to exist in both emotional and material realms. Cancers are highly intuitive and their psychic abilities manifest in tangible spaces: For instance, Cancers can effortlessly pick up the energies in a room. These crabs are highly sensitive to their environments, as well as extremely self-protective. Much like their celestial spirit animal, Cancers are shielded by hard, external shells. At first, these crabs may be perceived as cold or distant. With time, though, Cancers reveal their gentle nature, genuine compassion, and mystical capabilities. Just don't be surprised if it takes a while to get to know them.

Cancer is ruled by the moon, the celestial body that represents comfort, self-care, and maternal energies. Accordingly, Cancers tend to be domestically oriented. They love to create cozy, safe spaces that serve as their personal sanctuaries, then spend lots of time in them. Cancers care deeply about their families and are quick to adopt caregiver roles. But these crabs must be careful: When Cancers invest in someone emotionally, they risk blurring the line between attentive nurturing and controlling behavior.

Cancers attract friends and lovers through their loyalty, commitment, and emotional depth. These crustaceans make excellent hosts and enjoy entertaining with comfort food and free-flowing libations. (Cancer rules the stomach, so there’s nothing these crabs love more than a home-cooked meal.) If you're not a fan of Cancer’s attachment to the home, that may be a bit of a problem. Though these celestial crabs avoid direct conflict by walking at an angle, they can inflict a harsh pinch with their distinctive brand of passive-aggressiveness. It may be difficult to convince a Cancer to talk openly about what's bothering them, but if you can do it without making them feel threatened, you'll build long-lasting trust.

Passionate but uncommunicative

Behind the brooding fortress that a Cancer has erected to protect themselves are abundant reserves of deep, undying love and loyalty. Pity that few will get to experience it because they aren’t the best at communicating what is in their hearts. 

Loyal

With an emotional register that is dictated by passion, warmth and a nurturing spirit, a Cancer is as loyal as the day is long. The homebody of the zodiac wheel, your loved ones feel a sense of belonging when they are with you.

Sensitive
Seeks comfort
Forgives but never forgets
Only has one boundary, but it is very firm
Takes on other people's problems

You don't get much more loyal than you, Cancer. Your level of emotional depth, understanding and compassion is unrivalled. You put yourself in other people's shoes. You listen – like, properly listen – and you keep their secrets.

It's because you belong to the Water element (along with Pisces and Scorpio). Water signs of the zodiac intuitive, empathetic and emotional. Don't get on the wrong side of them though, because if anyone holds a grudge, it's you.

You do tend to be a bit clingy though and despite your incredible empathy, you can't always tell when someone needs their space. This won't help your mood, which tbh can be a bit all over the place. Because deep down, you're quite fragile. But really, who isn't? And if it makes you that caring and kind, then it's no bad thing.

Emotions are abundant in every area of your life, and you’re especially sensitive to them, even for a water sign. When you insist on acting on your feelings all the time, you come off as moody and your distinct crabbiness can make you controlling and passive-aggressive. But you recede into your shell or lash out with your claws as soon as someone else’s mood is too much, and people have a hard time understanding how to handle you. When others have to bear the brunt of your feelings while stifling their own, it is an unfair exchange and jeopardizes your relationships.

Your empathy is through the roof, and according to the book Spiritual Astrology, this is where your natural intuition and nurturing instincts come from. You often find yourself being the caregiver of your group, making people naturally want to be in your presence. Your loving nature is one of your greatest assets, and your ability to take care of people is second to none, which is one of the reasons your sign is so adored! Your feelings are strong, and your empathy is even stronger.

Sensitive, emotional and receptive, Cancers often put their hearts fully into anything they believe in. However, represented by the crab, they have a hard shell to crack before you can get to their softest side. These people also tend to be especially nurturing, valuing domesticity and family greatly. Building a stable and safe home is important, as they need a great deal of time to recharge their batteries. Cancers are also known to be especially moody and temperamental, though, as they are heavily impacted by the people, energy and situations that surround them.

One of Cancer’s strongest assets is their capacity for love—and the lengths they’ll go to for the people they care about. In other words, they’re very loyal. “Intuitive and tenacious, this sign sticks to their roots and excels at getting what it wants to protect their family and loved ones,” explains Montúfar. When a Cancer loves someone, they will protect them at all costs, Marquardt adds. In romantic relationships, a Cancer sign will give you the world, as long as you give it right back, Ward notes.

Because Cancers are water signs, they tend to be very well-spoken and in touch with their emotions. But being in tune with your feelings can have its downsides, too. “Because [Cancer signs] feel so deeply, they tend to have large mood swings,” Quinn explains. “And when they feel scared, they go into their shell.”

Cancer is associated with the fourth house, which rules over home, family, and origins. That makes sense, given their unconditional love and protectiveness.


Cancer rounds out the four elements as a water sign, represented by the crab symbol. Cancers are said to be deeply emotional creatures, with high levels of sentimentality, compassion and loyalty.
Emotional and loving
Intuitive and imaginative
Shrewd and cautious
Protective and sympathetic

Changeable and moody
Overemotional and touchy
Clinging and unable to let go

Strengths: tenacious, highly imaginative, loyal, emotional, sympathetic, persuasive
Weaknesses: moody, pessimistic, suspicious, manipulative, insecure

Those with the Sun in Cancer live in a world of emotions and are sensitive in every sense of the word. Their greatest need is to feel secure, safe and comfortable, and home, family, and friends come before anything else.

Nurturing
Emotional
Caring
Protective
Sensitive

Cancerians are known for their emotional sensitivity and nurturing nature. They are often protective, family-oriented, and empathetic.
Just like the hard-shelled crab of its sigil, Cancerians are often great at putting up walls. The water sign is keen to protect its emotions, is sensitive and struggles to say no. Their personalities are layered and what you see is not always what you get, but they are relatively self aware.


The homely crab is the nurturing, emotional Sign of the Zodiac. With a strong sense of family and taking care of those they love, Cancerians are highly in touch with their emotions and may be prone to moodiness. They have a warm, healing touch, caring deeply about others and desiring to show their love- especially through food if they can! Everything related to hearth and home is Cancer’s domain, from cooking to ancestry and the maternal figure. They are loyal, protective, and intuitive but may become too much creatures of comfort stuck in their routines.

Cancers are sensitive and intuitive souls, deeply attached to their inner circle. They have a big heart and will do anything for their loved ones. Their creativity and emotional understanding make them empathetic friends. 