The last earth sign of the zodiac, Capricorns and their unique spirits are powerful, to say the least. I've worked with thousands of clients over my nearly-10 year-long career as a professional astrologer, and I can confirm that there's something that makes Capricorn extremely special. Perhaps it's their fearless ambition? Their limitless resilience? Their ability to keep pushing forward, even in the face of challenging adversity and painful strife? Or, maybe it's their secret wild side that's very rarely depicted in standard personality assessments, but that rumbles within the soul of every Capricorn: Not everyone gets to see Capricorn ordering rounds of tequila, dancing on the table, and staying out until the crack of dawn — but that rebellious, untamed spirit is a Capricorn asset. I mean, how else do you expect this zodiac sign to let loose and have fun?

Capricorn is symbolized by the "devil" card). Though this earth sign may seem a bit conservative and restrained at first, Capricorn's closest friends and lovers know that these sea goats love to party.

Interestingly, Capricorns are said to age backwards: they become increasingly youthful, optimistic, and playful as they mature. Indeed, inside every earnest Capricorn is a mischievous troublemaker Though this earth sign may seem a bit conservative and restrained at first, Capricorn's closest friends and lovers know that these sea goats love to party.

Capricorn is symbolized by the sea goat, a mythological creature with the body of a goat and tail of a fish. This imagery speaks to Capricorn's bifurcated abilities: Capricorns are skilled at navigating both the material and emotional realms. They scale the steepest mountains — Capricorn rules the knees, making it easier for this sign to climb — while simultaneously building up their psychic fortitude. Capricorns are relentless: They are determined to overcome whatever stands in their way. They have big picture, long-term goals and they absolutely don't want to be bogged-down by annoying details or superfluous information. However, because of their unwavering focus, Capricorns can sometimes be perceived as cold, unemotional, or even cutthroat — but that's only because Capricorn has perspective. If it won't matter in five years, Capricorn simply cannot be bothered with it today.

WATCH


Girls Ages 5-18 Give a Message to Their Moms


ADVERTISEMENT

Of course, this speaks quite literally to Capricorn's planetary ruler: Saturn. The ringed-gas giant in our distant solar system, Saturn is the planet associated with tasks, rules, responsibilities, and — perhaps most importantly — time. Thanks to Saturn, Capricorn is so incredibly connected to the concept of time. Sure, this may translate to Capricorns punctuality or calendar management, but — to be honest — it's a bit more existential than that. Capricorn recognizes that life is short and, likewise, they're always racing against the clock. There are so many things Capricorn wants to accomplish and achieve in this lifetime; slowing down is simply not an option. As a cardinal sign, Capricorn is really motivated to start new projects — this sign is constantly coming up with new ideas! Of course, solar and lunar eclipses will help propel their ideas forward, so be sure to look out for these life-altering, destiny-packed astrological events, as well. It's time to go even deeper with your Capricorn horoscope — let's do it.

What are Capricorns known for? 

Capricorns are known to be extremely hardworking visionaries, leaders, and trailblazers. Capricorns like Dolly Parton, Michelle Obama, Katie Couric, Mary J. Blige, and John Legend are all known for their poise, sophistication, and — of course — unrivaled talents. Capricorns are dynamic individuals who express a unique balance of confidence and humility: They have a grounded, practical spirit that makes people feel comfortable in their presence. Although they're very selective about who they let into their lives, Capricorns are incredibly gracious friends who pride themselves on honesty and loyalty. One important thing to note: Capricorns definitely don't sugarcoat. If a Capricorn doesn't approve of your choices or behavior, they will be sure to let you know. But the great thing about Capricorn is that they will also help you come up with solutions, action items, and practical ideas on how to improve your situation. Capricorns are do-ers, which means they're all about making it happen. You know that expression, "If you want something done, give it to a busy person?" Well, that's definitely the way Capricorn rolls. Even if Capricorn is knee-deep in deadlines and high-stakes crises, they will go out of their way to consider the needs of their closest companions. 

What are Capricorn's weaknesses? 

Of course, Capricorn must remember that not everyone wants, needs, or desires the same lifestyle Capricorn lives. Although Capricorn is extremely ambitious — and their determination is undoubtedly extremely inspiring — it's important that Capricorn doesn't impose their standards on others. It's no problem when Capricorn focuses on their own aspirations… but projecting their values on their closest friends and family is a totally different story. Capricorn must remember to keep their eyes on their own paper: After all, not everyone wants to climb the ladder straight to the top. Some folks just want to live a calm, relaxed, and peaceful existence — and there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. What's more, every Capricorn should definitely cultivate a gratitude practice. Because Capricorn has such lofty goals, it's difficult for this earth sign to appreciate their current reality, believing that nothing will be good enough until they reach the mountain's peak. But the journey is the destination and, likewise, by finding deep appreciation for their current blessings, Capricorn will be sure to feel even more fulfilled when they finally reach their desired outcome.

Who should Capricorn avoid? 

Capricorns can connect with all zodiac signs — the only condition, however, is that they don't stand in this sea goat's way. Because Capricorn doesn't have time for petty games, this sign values honesty and transparency. Frankly, they would prefer if someone was super blunt — yes, perhaps even kinda harsh — because they absolutely cannot stand people-pleasing and ego-stroking. Of course, not all signs vibe with Capricorn's serious, stoic spirit: Fire signs — Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius — might find Capricorn's stern essence a bit drab, while the air signs — Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius — can be turned off by Capricorn’s judgmental tone. Although Capricorn can make a dynamic work with any zodiac sign, these sea goats must remember that not every person appreciates "tough love."

Who's the best match for Capricorn? 

Romantically speaking, Capricorns are seeking an anchor: These loyal lovers are busy as f*ck, so they appreciate loyalty, consistency, and steadfast commitment. Fellow earth signs — Taurus and Virgo — are attracted to Capricorns' ambition, determination, and hardworking spirit, so Capricorn will often fortify deep connections with these like-minded zodiac signs. The water signs — Cancer, Scorpio, and Pisces — are also excellent fits for Capricorn: The water signs are sensitive, compassionate, and psychologically deep, so they can actually help Capricorn connect with their intuitive qualities. Remember, Capricorn is represented by the sea goat, so this sign does, intuitively, know how to navigate more emotional terrain.

Goal-oriented but unforgiving

Not everyone can conquer the world but if a Cap were to set out to do it, nothing would deter them until they had accomplished their goal. With a personality that is hardwired in practicality, they can often fail to appreciate nuance and are known to be unforgiving of others’ mistakes. 


Consistent 

Methodical, practical and determined, there is no deterring a Capricorn once they have a goal in their sights. Not one for small talk and vain flattery, this quest for keeping things real means that your inner circle is small but loyal. 

he responsible friend
Motivated by duty
Takes a while to warm up to people
Represses any emotion that gets in the way of success




Belonging to the Earth element of the zodiac (like with Taurus and Virgo), you're practical, realistic and independent.

Capricorns are ruled by the planet Saturn AKA the 'task master', making you furiously ambitious. You're a workaholic. You've probably never had a sick day in your life. You're driven by success and power which can be both a good and a bad thing.

You're smart, intuitive and disciplined, with an impressive strength of character.


Take a deep breath, Capricorn. Unclench your jaw, relax those shoulders, and let yourself chill out! Your sign is the hardest worker in the zodiac and definitely the most serious. You don’t suffer fools gladly and your lifestyle is very “all work, no play.” The book Spiritual Astrology explains that your incredible drive and motivation come from a need to feel in control. This can manifest through your incredible dedication and discipline driving you to work your way to the top, which is how you achieve all your bold goals. At your worst, your desire for order gives you an authoritarian personality with no tolerance for spontaneity or surprises. You throw yourself into your work and put up a stone-cold demeanor that people find unapproachable—whether you mean to or not. Sometimes, this strictness causes others to feel stifled and like they can’t be around you if they want to have a good time.


Your incredible dedication and discipline certainly drives you to work your way to the top, which is how you achieve all your bold goals. You are a fantastic leader and excel at taking initiative in any aspect of life, whether that’s work or close relationships. You're one of the most ambitious signs of the zodiac, and when you set a goal, you know how to get it. You make meticulous five- and ten-year plans, and when you have your sight set on something, you achieve it. In your close relationships, you're incredibly loyal and have a wicked sense of humor that you show your best friends.

Ambitious, reserved and patient, Capricorns desire to build a life that has a solid foundation. This most often leads them to become especially hardworking, focused on creating career and financial success. However, they just as equally value strong long-term relationships and a domestic life that also feel like personal achievements. These people are disciplined and determined, but sometimes to the point of austerity. Because of their own sense of practicality, they may actually be less emotional than others, unwilling to be distracted by feelings when it is easier to face facts. Yet, despite this all, Capricorns tend to have a solid sense of humor in order to better connect with others.

Ever heard of a “sea goat”? You have now—it’s a mythological water creature that represents the Capricorn sign. “Ruled by Saturn, Capricorns are ambitious and determined initiators,” says Montúfar. If you’re a Cap, you’re definitely super tough. (Like, you’re at your best when facing the biggest obstacles.)

If commanding a room with their authoritative presence alone isn’t Capricorn’s biggest strength, their self-discipline just might be. This diligent earth sign embodies responsibility, “which allows them to stay focused and achieve their goals over time,” Marquardt explains.

“They comfortably and successfully know how to delegate to others and with the vision to lead,” adds Quinn. But the caveat with a hardworking and overly-determined Capricorn is their ruthlessness on the way to the top. They have no issue throwing people under the bus to get what they want, according to Marquardt. While Caps enjoy surrounding themselves with people who are as ambitious as they are, their desire for success can get in the way of their personal relationships, so balance is a must.

Capricorns are ruled by the tenth house of career and reputation, so it totally makes sense why the hardworking earth sign would want to protect their public image at all costs.

The final earth sign, the Capricorn is represented by the sea-goat. They are believed to be disciplined and dedicated, with ambitious goals and the patience to chip away at them. They’re a good shoulder to lean on, and thelast to leave the office.



Practical and prudent 
Ambitious and disciplined 
Patient and careful 
Humorous and reserved 

Pessimistic and fatalistic 
Miserly and grudging


Strengths: responsible, disciplined, self-control, good managers
Weaknesses: know-it-all, unforgiving, condescending, expecting the worst

Those with a Capricorn Sun are driven to survive and thrive in the material world and make the best use of their time on earth. They are ambitions individuals who are driven to do more and do better and generally move forward from one success to another.

Ambitious
Disciplined
Responsible
Practical
Reserved

Capricorns are responsible, disciplined, and ambitious. They have a strong work ethic and a practical approach to life.s
Ah, the sign of the sea goat: It is no surprise that Capricorns are so wise, being represented by mythological creatures of heralding from both land and sea. Capricorns are well equipped for both emotional and material challenges, and others often look to them for guidance. They are the Zodiac’s masters of discipline, pragmatic and guided by morals, commanding respect rather than admiration.

The sturdy mountain goat is hard-working, determined, motivated, practical, reliable, and ambitious. They don’t care how long it takes them to get to the top of the mountain, they will get there. Capricorn is concerned with the long-game, always looking to the future and not deterred by how long something will take, they have the patience. Mature and wise beyond their years, Capricorns have a responsible knowing. They are resilient, persistent, realistic, and disciplined. They may place an importance on career, social status or money, and have a strong work ethic. They are capable leaders and loyal team players but may be prone to stubbornness. They value tradition and may have a hidden spiritual side.

