Roll out the red carpet, because Leo has arrived. Leo is represented by the lion, and these spirited fire signs are the kings and queens of the celestial jungle. They’re delighted to embrace their royal status: Vivacious, theatrical, and passionate, Leos love to bask in the spotlight and celebrate themselves. These lions are natural leaders and they enjoy cultivating friendships and romances that are artistically and creatively inspired. Playful Leos have no problem leaning into drama-fueled romances that are perfectly suited for the tabloids. (In fact, they may even prefer them.) After all, every Leo perceives him or herself as a celebrity. These astrological divas never get tired of lavish dinners, exclusive parties, or decadent designer wear.

Leo is ruled by the sun, the dazzling celestial body that governs life and vitality. The sun never goes retrograde, and likewise, Leos are renowned for their stability, loyalty, and consistency. They are dedicated friends and lovers who put their hearts into every relationship. (Fittingly, the Leo sign governs the heart.) Lions love to watch their mates succeed — until they feel threatened. They can become impaired by their ego, pride, and jealousy when they start to fear their star power will be eclipsed. It’s important for celestial lions to remember that their light is never obscured by others, and the bright shine of others' success does nothing to their own. Ultimately, Leos' own hubris is the greatest threat to their happiness.

This fixed sign is known for its ambition and determination, but above all, Leos are celebrated for their remarkable bravery. In tarot, Leo is represented by the “strength” card, which depicts the divine expression of physical, mental, and emotional fortitude. Fearless optimists who refuse to accept failure, Leos will find their deep wells of courage grow as they mature.

Confident but dominating

Born to be under the spotlight, there is nothing that this lion enjoys as much as being the cynosure of all eyes. However, this innate conviction that they are always in the right means that they can often run roughshod over others’ feelings and sentiments. 

Confidence

Outgoing, cheerful and theatrical—nobody could ever accuse Leo of lack of confidence! You know what you want in life and you are unabashed in your quest to get it done. The world might think that you thrive on being the centre of attention but it is obvious that the spotlight loves you. 

Exudes warmth and creativity
A little bit vain
Really big personality
Wants to stand out
Interested in luxury

Leo is ruled by the sun, making you reliable, stable, vivacious and full of life. You are self-confident and entertaining. Being centre stage doesn't often bother you, whether that's with mates at a party or with colleagues at work. You like to take command. You're courageous.

Sometimes, this dominance and confidence can come across as arrogance. You're probably not everyone's cup of tea, and some may find you overbearing. For the most part though, you bring fun and vibrance to people's lives. You're unforgettable, Leo.

You’re ruled by the Sun, but the world doesn’t revolve around you, kitty cat. You can turn people off with your demand for attention, even if you don’t realize you come off that way. Your ego is the biggest in the zodiac and somehow the most fragile too! You need to feel noticed and validated, but going overboard and showboating yourself just for the sake of being in the spotlight isn’t the best way to get that approval. Like the natural performer your sign is known to be, sometimes you play a different role and fabricate personality traits that you think are likable.
You don’t need to worry about being likable, Leo, because your sign is one of the most charismatic and lovable. Bright, fiery, and dazzling are all words that are often used to describe you! The Sun is the source of all energy and life in the solar system, and similarly, you’re the most creative and generous sign. You are a natural leader and have the ability to make some strong friendships. People are just naturally drawn to your warmth and your ~shine~.

Creative, enthusiastic and dramatic, Leos love to live life to the fullest. They tend to have an innate confidence and radiance that gives them the ability to easily assert themselves and stand out from the crowd. They often like to be recognized for everything they bring to the world, sometimes to the point of pride or arrogance. Despite this, Leos are extremely loyal, romantic and artistic, called to express the fire inside of them vividly. With very big hearts, they can also be quite generous to those who they deem worthy of their affections.

King of the jungle, Leo’s lust for life and natural courageousness are one of the lion’s many superpowers. “Leo can be bold and fearless, allowing them to take risks and pursue their dreams with vigor,” says Marquardt. Oh, you can add charisma and confidence to their long catalog of strengths, too. If you know a Leo, then you probably also know that making a good impression is their number one priority. “This sign’s creativity and fiery magnetism puts them at the center stage of life,” Montúfar explains.

But even the sparkliest gem isn't perfect, and Leo is no different. For one, their self-assuredness can easily come off as cockiness. “They can place too much emphasis on material wealth and status, giving them a sense of entitlement and greed,” Marquardt says. They also tend to be the jealous type, adds Ward. But she notes this isn’t out of malice; it more so stems from their natural desire to be in the spotlight.

Leo is associated with the fifth house of pleasure, creativity, and children. So, that’s why they never take life too seriously!

Ah, the lion. Another fire sign, represented by a symbol for the king (or queen) of the jungle, Leos are often thought to be dramatic, passionate and charismatic. They are the leaders of the pack, pushing forward with courage. 

Generous and warmhearted
Creative and enthusiastic
Broad-minded and expansive
Faithful and loving

Pompous and patronizing
Bossy and interfering
Dogmatic and intolerant 
Strengths: creative, passionate, generous, warm-hearted, cheerful, humorous
Weaknesses: arrogant, stubborn, self-centered, lazy, inflexible


Those with a Leo Sun are driven by the fiery need to shine and the desire to be loved and admired. They are dramatic, creative, self-confident individuals who are difficult to resist and have the ability to achieve whatever they want to in life.

Confident
Charismatic
Creative
Self-assured
Proud

Leos are confident, creative, and passionate. They have a natural flair for the dramatic and love to be in the spotlight.

The lion: passionate, loyal and made for the spotlight, Leos are spirited and regal. they tend to make strong leaders (though they can be vain) and are keen to stand out. They exude warmth and have a way with words, but are ferociously ambitious — so careful of their jaws,.

 Ruled by the centre of our solar system, the equally fiery Leo is the star of the show and the lover of the limelight. They like to roar bright and loud, great performers, they can be like the regal king themselves- generous servers but also the leaders of their kingdom. While they may be self-centred, their main ruse to gain adoration is to spread joy and charm, entertaining others and bringing sunny happiness all round. They are confident, extravagant (in gestures and money), loyal, and ambitious.

 Leos are charismatic and proud personalities, attracted by glamour and recognition. They love to be the center of attention and have a great sense of generosity 