Libra is an air sign represented by the scales (interestingly, the only inanimate object of the zodiac), an association that reflects Libra's fixation on balance and harmony. Libra is obsessed with symmetry and strives to create equilibrium in all areas of life. These air signs are the aesthetes of the zodiac: Ruled by Venus, the planet that governs love, beauty, and money, Libras adore high art, intellectualism, and connoisseurship. Suave Libras need to surround themselves with stunning objects and create environments that reflect their exquisite tastes. Accordingly, these air signs make excellent designers, decorators, art critics, and stylists.

While Libra's opposite sign, Aries, represents "me," Libra symbolizes "we." Relationships are paramount for Libras, who find balance in companionship. They love harmonious partnerships with fashionable mates, especially those who make attractive arm candy. (Libra governs the skin, and these air signs are highly motivated by physical appearance. There's no better way for a Libra to relax than with a luxurious face mask.)

Libras, when they are regularly coupled, must be careful about seeking attention outside the agreed-upon boundaries of their relationship. Since they try to keep everyone happy and engaged, they may find themselves tempted to push the limits of their agreements with their partners. People-pleasing Libras must remember that the happiness of their loved ones and the health of their relationships is more important than maintaining the attention of distant admirers.

Libra is a cardinal sign, which means Libras are accordingly great at launching new initiatives. However, because Libras consider multiple perspectives in all pursuits, these air signs struggle with indecision. Instead of constantly seeking outside perspectives, Libras would do well to develop (and trust) their own intuition. Their characteristic ambivalence aside, Libras can navigate virtually any social situation, effortlessly resolving conflicts by simply turning on the charm.

Empathetic but indecisive

If you are looking for someone to lend a comforting shoulder during times of distress and truly put themselves in your shoes, ring up the first Libra in your contacts. This empathetic side of theirs can sometimes get derailed by their inability to make up their mind, compounded by a fear of confrontations, which means that you never truly know which side they stand on.

Balance

Harmony and peace assume top billing on your zodiac sign’s calling card, and with good reason. Symbolised by the scales, you are known for your sense of fairness and justice that drives you to establish equilibrium in all aspects of your life. 

Hates being alone
Really good aesthetics
Conflict avoidant
Sees every side
Prone to fantasy
Can't make decisions

making you charming and cool. You probably have no difficulty making friends; people are drawn to you.

You're an over-thinker which makes you indecisive. You've probably had an exasperated, 'Will you just pick one already?!' aimed your way. You're a nightmare to order Deliveroo with.

Your love of balance means you can't stand mess, and being ruled by Venus, you're into beautiful things. You want everything to look nice. If you mess up your winged eyeliner even slightly, you're taking it all off and starting again.

If there's one thing you can't stand, it's being alone. Loneliness can creep up on you and hit you like a ton of bricks. You're probably a relationship person because, whether you like to admit it or not, you love love.

Although Gemini has the reputation for being two-faced, your sign is usually guilty of being even more flighty and superficial. You’re a natural people pleaser, so when your super-social attitude turns into consciously acting differently in order to fit in with those around you, sh*t gets messy! Especially in a romantic relationship, when you may feel like you need to keep the attention of others outside your relationship in order to be fulfilled (another “sh*t gets messy” moment). When your over-the-top people-pleasing isn’t reciprocated, you feel like you’ve been treated unjustly, which leads to inevitable conflict. Your sign can be codependent, which is why you love relationships so much, but it’s important to make sure other people aren’t held accountable for your well-being.


You’re a social butterfly and the biggest people person ever—it’s ridiculously easy for you to make and keep new friends. You can fit in anywhere with your intrinsic social graces, and people love your wit and manners. You have the ability to resolve conflicts just by turning on the charm, making you a perfect asset to your friend group and in social gatherings. You're a natural diplomat! 

Charming, social and diplomatic, Libras value peace and balance above all. They strive for fairness in life and in their relationships. They also have a natural tendency to surround themselves with beauty and luxury. Also, as eternal romantics, they crave relationships and partnerships and will dive into union headfirst when they find someone they admire deeply. However, this can at times lead them into codependency. Gifted in communication, Libras are also excellent negotiators. They tend to process their feelings intellectually but are also deeply sensitive people. This can sometimes lead them to be indecisive, as they do everything possible to avoid conflict.

Sure, Libras are experts at keeping the peace (they are represented by the scales of justice, after all), but there’s nothing stronger than Libra’s congeniality. This sign aims to make a positive and meaningful impression in the world “and seeks to be a source of joy for others,” Marquardt says. An intellectual sign ruled by the planet Venus, they’re basically the epitome of beauty, balance, harmony, and a sense of fair play.

However, being a people-pleaser can render Libras defenseless as they try to make everyone happy (pssst, you can’t). “They always want to play the devil’s advocate and sometimes need a nudge to choose a side,” says Quinn.

They’re also natural flirts and love to be loved, adds Ward. “Many people can get burned by thinking they were special to a Libra…only to discover they were one of several!” she says.

Libras are associated with the seventh house of partnerships—of course they are, given they’re the socialites of the Zodiac.

Libra is an air sign, represented by the symbol of the scales (yes, the same ones you see at a courthouse). Libras are known to be lovers – both romantic and artistic, with a propensity for indecision and struggling to commit, likely connected with their desire to maintain harmony and peace.

Diplomatic and urbane 
Romantic and charming 
Easygoing and sociable 
Idealistic and peaceable 

Indecisive and changeable 
Gullible and easily influenced
Flirtatious and self-indulgent

Strengths: cooperative, diplomatic, gracious, fair-minded, social
Weaknesses: indecisive, avoids confrontations, will carry a grudge, self-pity

Those with the Sun in Libra are driven to initiate relationships, make connections, and create perfect balance and harmony. They are conversationalists with a pleasing demeanor, strong intellect, and a keen mind. They tend to surround themselves with beauty, art, and interesting people.

Charming
Diplomatic
Balanced
Social
Indecisive

Librans are diplomatic, charming, and sociable. They have a strong sense of justice and balance and value harmony in relationships.sVirgos are practical, detail-oriented, and analytical. They are often seen as perfectionists, and they excel in problem-solving and organization.

Libras are the enigma. On the surface, they can appear both introverted and extroverted, logical yet creative, spontaneous but organised. This is because they tend to morph to aid the comfort of their company. Defined by balance, Libras are focused on keeping the peace and strive to create equilibrium in not only their own lives, but the worlds of others.

The first of the next 6 outer-facing Signs, Libra is very concerned with its relationship to others. Ruled by the scales and Venus, the Planet of romance, they are in a constant search for balance, peace, and harmony with others. Ever the diplomat, Libra loves to bridge the gap between people and is keen not to offend, take sides, or make an extreme decision. Happy to go along with others, Libra sees itself as part of the whole, reflected in the other, and relationships are often an important part of their life (they may never be single)! They have a strong sense of fairness and justice, and are are eager mediators. They are idealistic and imaginative, but may be indecisive and self-pitying.

Libras are the diplomats of the zodiac, seeking harmony and balance in all aspects of their lives. They are social and like to work as part of a team. Their sense of justice and charm make them pleasant companions.