Pisces, a water sign, is the last constellation of the zodiac. It's symbolized by two fish swimming in opposite directions, representing the constant division of Pisces's attention between fantasy and reality. As the final sign, Pisces has absorbed every lesson — the joys and the pains, the hopes and the fears — learned by all of the other signs. This makes these fish the most psychic, empathetic, and compassionate creatures of the astrological wheel. With such immense sensitivity, Pisces can easily become swallowed by emotions and must remember to stay grounded in the material realm (appropriately, Pisces rules the feet).

Pisces is ruled by Neptune, the celestial body that governs creativity and dreams, and these ethereal fish adore exploring their boundless imaginations. In its more nefarious form, however, Neptune also oversees illusion and escapism. Neptunian energy is like the energy of the ocean: magical, mysterious, and often scary. When the fog is thick on the water, the horizon is obstructed and there is no differentiation between the sea and the sky.

Those with this sun sign must be wary of mirages: These impressionable fish prefer wearing rose-colored glasses to addressing problems, which can earn Pisces a reputation for being flaky or delusional. This water sign should remember that problems can't be solved by swimming away. Willful ignorance never makes conflict disappear: It only gives it the chance to grow.

A mutable sign, Pisces effortlessly adapts to their surroundings. These visionary fish have unparalleled access to the collective unconscious through their clairvoyance and make incredible artists and creatives. Kind and gentle, they're invigorated by shared experiences of music and romance. Any relationship with mystical Pisces is guaranteed to involve deep spiritual exploration.

Whimsical but over-sensitive

If you are looking to escape the mundane everyday grind, a Pisces’s imaginative mind can whisk you away into a realm of fantasy. Their kind, nurturing personality can prove to be a double-edged sword though, because their overtly sensitive heart is easily wounded, further compounded by a tendency to play the victim.

Romantic

Yes, Pisces tends to see the world through rose-coloured glasses but your hopelessly romantic soul is grounded in a deep sense of intuition, sensitivity and empathy which helps you connect with people on a deeper level beyond what the world sees.  

Can't remember if they dreamt it or it actually happened
Excessively romantic
Prone to fantasy

you belong to the Water element of the zodiac making you deeply emotional and compassionate. This is backed up by your planetary ruling of Neptune, making you super intuitive, faithful and caring.

This can give you a tendency to overthink which can make you anxious. Plus, because you're so empathetic and understanding, you expect that of others too, and are often disappointed. Words definitely can hurt you and it probably won't surprise you to learn that you can be a little over-sensitive. Kindness is not weakness though, it's your strength.

You likely have an artistic side and don't mind being on your own listening to music or doing something arty.

Your kindness and creative spirit make your relationships passionate and dreamy, resulting in deep, spiritual connections. The book Spiritual Astrology explains that your sign’s hopes and dreams have the potential to manifest as a tangible, healing reality as long as you pull them out of your imagination and connect with real people who can help implement your ideas. You're deeply intuitive and compassionate, it's almost otherworldly. 

It’s time to wake up! You’re always tucked away in your own little world, lost in your daydreams. No matter how hard others try to hold your attention or keep tabs on you, you somehow always manage to slip out of their grasp and disappear, causing you to gain the reputation of being flaky. You’re more emotionally wide open than any other sign, filled with compassion, and incredibly sensitive. Minor shifts in emotional atmosphere that most people wouldn’t even register, you perceive as blaring sirens and flashing lights—so wanting to live in your own head is understandable. You get overwhelmed easily, but at some point, you have to deal with the real world.

Imaginative, intuitive and emotional, Pisces are often old souls. They have an innate connection to the mystical and spiritual world, often drawn to deeply romantic, creative or transformative experiences. They are especially compassionate and sensitive, often putting the needs of others before themselves. They are excellent friends, enjoying a vivid social life filled with many unique people. Highly empathic, they can tune into energy that most other people ignore. However, because of the amount of information they are sometimes receiving, this can cause them to become overwhelmed or impressionable to others. Once this takes place, Pisceans tend to finally break free to swim along onto a new journey, forever unafraid to recreate themselves.

“Dreamy and spiritual, this sign represents the end of the zodiacal journey,” Montúfar says. “Pisces wraps up the qualities of all the previous 11 signs to bring the spirit into a perfect state of wholeness.” Not a bad sign to be, amiright?

Pisces is intuitive, empathetic, and an expert in daydreaming, says Quinn, but these qualities only scratch the surface of their strengths. “They feel not only their own feelings, but those of the people around them as well,” she explains. Pisces is the dream partner for their fellow signs due to their caring, loyal, and loving nature, adds Ward.

However, letting their imagination run wild can manifest in unrealistic expectations and extra scatter-brainedness, according to Marquardt. “Pisces is sometimes forgetful because their own fantastical thoughts can be distracting from their real-life obligations,” he explains.

Pisces is associated with the twelfth house of the subconscious and dreams—and yup, that totally checks out.

The last of the water signs, the Pisces is symbolized by two fish – usually swimming in opposite directions. Pisces are known to be highly empathetic and intuitive, easily reading the emotions of others and very much ruled by their own. They are understanding and romantic and experience the world with a heightened sensitivity.  

Imaginative and sensitive 
Compassionate and kind 
Selfless and unworldly 
Intuitive and sympathetic 

Escapist and idealistic 
Secretive and vague 
Weak-willed and easily led

Strengths: Compassionate, artistic, intuitive, gentle, wise, musical
Weaknesses: Fearful, overly trusting, sad, desire to escape reality, can be a victim or a martyr

Those with the Sun in Pisces are selfless and strive to connect with the ethereal and experience heaven on earth. These are friendly, adaptable, unassuming, private, deeply sensitive and emotional individuals, who see the best in others.

Pisces Strengths

Pisces Weaknesses

Imaginative and artistic

Gentle and wise

Compassionate and kind

Intuitive and sympathetic

A desire to escape reality

Secretive and vague

Weak-willed and easily led

Overly trusting

Compassionate
Imaginative
Sensitive
Dreamy
Artistic

Pisceans are compassionate, imaginative, and artistic. They have a strong connection to their emotions and often have a dreamy, intuitive nature

As the final sign of the Zodiac, Pisces tend to be what you might call an old soul — they are somehow both young and old at once. Pisces have absorbed the lessons of the signs that preceded it, meaning they tend to be intuitive and sensitive, but are still keen to learn more. However, they can sometimes struggle to live in the real world, straddling the line between fantasy and reality.

The final Sign of the Zodiac is said to encompass elements of all the Signs that came before, and is symbolic of the time in the womb before being born, the gestation period. They are deeply mystical and connected to the ethers, big dreams and in touch with their emotions and intuition, people born under Pisces are boundary-less and formless, able to seamlessly adapt to those around them, often absorbing others’ energy unknowingly. They may be prone to losing themselves or getting duped by illusions or spending too much time in the clouds and dream world. They may also be prone to escapism, whether that be substances or daydreaming, not facing situations as they are. Incredibly empathetic and generous, they are willing to give of themselves greatly but need to beware of giving too much and being impressionable. Their imagination makes them highly creative, as well as being friendly, sensitive, kind, and caring.


Pisces folks are creative and sensitive dreamers, with deep empathy for others. They are intuitive and have a spiritual connection. Their ability to feel emotions deeply often makes them compassionate friends 