Scorpio is one of the most misunderstood signs of the zodiac. Because of its incredible passion and power, Scorpio is often mistaken for a fire sign. In fact, Scorpio is a water sign that derives its strength from the psychic, emotional realm. Like fellow water signs, Cancer and Pisces, Scorpio is extremely clairvoyant and intuitive.

What makes this water sign unique is its distinctive venomous sting. Like their celestial spirit animal, the scorpion, Scorpios lie in wait and strike when least expected. Life is a game of chess for these calculating water signs, who are constantly plotting several steps ahead in order to orchestrate an eventual checkmate. This doesn't mean their intentions are necessarily nefarious. Scorpios simply know what they want and aren't afraid to work hard and play the long game to get it.

They never show their cards and their enigmatic nature is what makes them so seductive and beguiling. Scorpio is the sign most closely associated with sex: The part of the body that Scorpio governs is the genital area. Sex isn't solely about pleasure for these sensual scorpions. They also crave the physical closeness, spiritual illumination, and emotional intimacy sex can provide.

Scorpio is ruled by Pluto, the planet that governs both destruction and transformation. On a good day, Scorpion energy is ambitious and enticing. On a bad day, however, the shadowy side of Scorpio is fueled by a relentless desire for control. Power-hungry Scorpios must remember that if controlled by their egos, they are at risk of poisoning themselves. This sign is at its best when that intrinsic intensity is applied to deep, soulful connections with friends and lovers. When they build trust with others, Scorpios demonstrate unparalleled empathy, depth, and commitment that brighten even the darkest parts of Scorpio’s magical psyche.

Intense but secretive

The fiery, intense personality of a Scorpio can make any time spent together a wild, dizzying ride. But while they will go the extra mile to take care of your emotional needs, they remain notoriously secretive about their own—good luck cracking open the spine of this closed book. 

Passionate 

Among the most misunderstood signs of the zodiac, what the world sees as aggressive and confrontational is actually your deep-rooted passion for standing up for the underdog. There are no laurels for fighting others’ battles for them, but your deeply passionate nature means that you won’t go down without a fight. 

There are MANY different sides to you, Scorpio. On the surface, you're a ball-buster; confident and set in your ways. But underneath it all, you're incredibly emotional (not that you'll ever admit it) and you have a deep desire for connection (that's the Water element talking). You're the one who will get ghosted and act like you just DGAF, but really, you're crying on the inside.

But anyone who wrongs you better watch out. You are not one for forgiveness. You're ruled by both Pluto (god of the Underworld) and Mars (god of War), so it's no surprise that you can kick off when betrayed. No one messes with Scorpio.

You'll fight tooth and nail for the people you love though; you're fiercely protective. There's no one better to have fighting your corner than you, Scorpio.


Your sign loves mysteries and is a natural at getting to the bottom of things. You find a deeper meaning in everything and are magnetically drawn to anything shrouded in secrecy. Speaking of, here’s a secret for you: You have to chill out! There’s not always hidden symbolism or underlying motives to something, no matter how hard you try to find them. You also seem to have a massive desire to control, which makes you extremely calculated and constantly scheming to make sure things go your way. The Ascendant explains that your sign has a “very powerful unconscious mind.” You know that embarrassing or painful memories, childhood issues, and different habits buried away in the subconscious are the root causes of many human behaviors. While most people ignore or are unaware of this, you fixate on it. In order to figure out the inner desires of others, you become suspicious, play mind games, and perform little tests to see how they react. You can come off as inappropriate or too intense when you try to psychoanalyze people, whether it be friends or strangers.

You are extremely ambitious and know exactly what you want—and you’re willing to work hard to get it. When you're really determined, nothing can get in your way. And with your highly intuitive nature, you’re always looking for answers. Your intensity and depth in relationships helps you build an everlasting trust with the people closest to you. You're one of the most loyal signs of the zodiac, and your close friendships are super important to you.

Intense, passionate and cunning, Scorpios are “all or nothing” kinds of people. They have a natural ability to enchant others, utilizing their powerful minds and auras to dominate situations and relationships. Deeply emotional, they can brood in the extremes of their feelings. Craving intimacy and psychological depth above all, they navigate the world like a game in order to win and conquer whatever they set their sights upon. With an irresistible quality, Scorpios can be quite secretive, sexual and subtle. They also tend to be very fixed in their ways — unrelenting until they get what they want. While this intensity may seem shocking, Scorpios actually value transformation and rebirth through their heart regardless if a situation proceeds for better or for worse.

Scorpios are the femme fatale type, and their borderline psychic ability is one of their strongest assets. “They have a keen intuition as a water sign, and their intuition is highly focused,” explains Marquardt. They also have a knack for “zeroing in on essential questions and gleaning the secrets that lie within,” says Montúfar. Oh, and they’re ruled by Mars and Pluto (which might explain why they can be kinda hot and cold.)

And while Scorpios love unraveling mysteries, they tend to withhold sharing secrets of their own. Being mysterious and elusive comes with its own set of issues, however. Scorpio’s unwillingness to be vulnerable makes them prone to holding grudges, Marquardt says. “Scorpio knows how to trigger other people and push their buttons behind limits.” Yet, they also love hard, so you can expect a Scorpio to fight till the end for the people they care about.

As a water sign, Scorpios are eloquent, intellectual, and curious. Plus, as a fixed modality, they tend to be determined and stable. These qualities make Scorpios super independent. They won’t ask for help—mostly because of their pride—which can get them into trouble, explains Ward.

Scorpios are ruled by the eighth house of sex and taboo—totally appropriate for this sensual water sign.

Just like it sounds, the symbol for this water sign is a scorpion. Scorpios are known to be particularly mysterious and intense if not a bit difficult to know. They are deeply passionate and independent.

Determined and forceful 
Emotional and intuitive 
Powerful and passionate 
Exciting and magnetic 

Jealous and resentful 
Compulsive and obsessive 
Secretive and obstinate

Strengths: resourceful, brave, passionate, stubborn, a true friend
Weaknesses: distrusting, jealous, secretive, violent

Those with the Sun in Scorpio sense everything, show nothing, and are driven by a desire to feel and investigate life at the deepest and darkest levels. These powerful individuals and have the ability to overcome massive obstacles and pain in life and rise up out of the ashes.

Intense
Passionate
Determined
Mysterious
Resilient
Scorpios are intense, determined, and secretive. They are known for their loyalty, passion, and ability to delve deep into the mysteries of life.

Witty, complex and dynamic: Scorpios often get a bad wrap for being mischievous or manipulative, but in reality they are perhaps one of the most misunderstood zodiac signs. While they can be elusive and a touch hot-headed, they tend to hide an emotional core (Scorpio is a water sign, after all) beneath that hardened exterior.

The deepest, most mysterious Sign of the Zodiac, Scorpio is intense and magnetic, not afraid to plunge to its own depths and those of others. It does not shy away from the darker sides of life and is an expert and transformation. It has two other symbols other than the scorpion- the snake represents its evolved self once it has shed a layer, and the eagle or phoenix represents its highest expression once it has emerged transformed from its ashes. They are in touch with their emotions, intuition, subconscious, and the mystical side to life. They have a keen sense of perception but may keep themselves hidden, prone to secrecy. They are determined, ambitious, and obsessive.


Scorpios are passionate and mysterious, always searching for truth and depth. They feel intensely and have a gift for personal transformation. Their magnetic presence often intrigues others 