Taurus is an earth sign represented by the bull. Like their celestial spirit animal, Taureans enjoy relaxing in serene, bucolic environments, surrounded by soft sounds, soothing aromas, and succulent flavors. Taurus is ruled by Venus, the enchanting planet that governs love, beauty, and money. Taurus’s Venusian influence make this earth sign the most sensual of the zodiac: These cosmic oxen are enchanted by any physical manifestation of comfort and luxury. Pleasure is a necessity for epicurean Taureans and they feel most content when pampered. (Taurus governs the neck, so neck caresses are especially irresistible to these bulls.)

It's true that in their perfect world, Taureans would spend all day bathing in a tub overflowing with essential oils. At the same time, these earth signs know the value of a dollar. Taureans aren’t afraid to roll up their sleeves and work hard to earn big rewards. They're ambitious, focused, and resilient and they feel most secure when steadily putting money into a savings account.

Cosmic oxen are all about return on investment (the bull is also the symbol of Wall Street), and Taureans know how to play the long game in both professional and romantic pursuits. Security is paramount for Taureans and any threat to their stability will be sure to have a celestial bull seeing red.

As a sign, Taurus is fixed, an astrological quality that reflects Taurus’s steadfast, loyal nature. Fixed signs are excellent at maintaining systems and Taureans prioritize consistency and reliability in all areas of their lives. It must be noted, however, that Taurus does have a bit of a reputation: What a Taurus perceives as dedication is often regarded by others as stubbornness. Accordingly, these bulls may end up lingering in unhealthy situations — whether relationships, jobs, or homes — longer than necessary just to prove a point. Despite their occasional obstinance, however, Taureans are dependable partners, soothing their friends and lovers with their trustworthiness and devotion.

Loyal but stubborn

Loyal to a fault, a Taurean is the most reliable person you can have in your corner when the chips are down. However, they have a stubborn streak a mile wide and can hold a grudge like no one else, so make sure you don’t cross them. 


Stable

As an earth sign, the bull of the zodiac sphere is known to remain grounded, practical and responsible. A steady constant in everyone’s lives, this sense of dependability is what helps your friends lean on you when the going gets tough. 

Just wants to cuddle
Homebody
All or nothing, no in-between
Wears the same outfit everyday
Hates big changes

This is one of the most reliables signs, known for being stable, reliable and devoted. Your friends are important to you and, once you get close with someone, you are fiercely loyal.

This commitment is also reflected in your work, although can also be interpreted as stubbornness. Yes, you are typically stubborn, but it probably stems from the fact you can't stand change. You just know what you want and how things should be, and you like to keep it that way.

Taurus is an Earth sign (like Virgo and Capricorn) making you practical, stoic and grounded. You also value the physical in all aspects of your life – touch, sex, shopping, clothes, pretty things. Does it make you materialistic? Maybe. Or maybe you just have good taste.

The most well-known trait of your sign is the one people take the most issue with—your stubbornness. According to Jan Spiller and Karen McCoy in their book Spiritual Astrology, your stubbornness comes out when you refuse to see the worth in others’ opinions simply because they’re not the same as yours. Your unwavering values include personal morals and work ethic but also your attitude toward your actual valuables and possessions. You assume your subjective truth is the only truth and lose respect for people who don’t line up with your thinking. Your need to have your merit recognized inspires you to work hard and prove yourself, but believing others are “wrong” or “bad” just because they aren’t carbon copies of you isn’t helping anyone.

You’re an ambitious person who works to achieve your goals, even when it’s hard. You have amazing intuition and know a lot about the world around you, so definitely follow it whenever possible. Plus, you are extremely dependable and love to maintain intimate relationships with others—your friends love that you’re always there for them. Besides your loyalty, you also have ah-mazing taste, which means you know the best restaurants, cocktails, movies, concerts, art exhibits, fashion shows, etc.

Sensual, determined and loyal, Tauruses value security and stability above all. They enjoy the finer things in life and are attracted to the full exploration of the senses. They are drawn to beauty and pleasure and invest themselves entirely in what they believe in. These people are especially hard-working and like to take a practical approach to life. This often leads them to be excellent with money and attract it to them like a magnet once they focus their skills and talents. This perseverance infuses their entire lives — as they are also romantics who seek long-term love and pleasant relationships. However, Tauruses are very resistant to change, which can make them very stubborn to alter their points of view. Ultimately, though, they are warm and gentle and extremely dependable people.

Taurus is an earth sign whose mantra is “slow and steady wins the race,” says Montúfar. They’re naturally grounded, dependable, and hardworking. These qualities make Taurus built for stable, long-term relationships, adds Ward. Ruled by Venus, Taurus is also a big lover, pleasure seeker, and money magnet, thanks to their incredible manifesting skills.

But don't think a Taurus wears rose-colored glasses—this sign's strengths lie in their pragmatism and resiliency. “They’re able to bounce back in the face of challenges,” says Marquardt. No matter the weather, a Taurus' dutifulness and ability to rationalize helps them find a solution.

On the flip side, their unwavering loyalty can sometimes manifest as stubbornness. “It can be difficult to try and change a Taurus’ mind,” says Quinn. “Try to avoid arguments at all costs—you won’t win.”

Taurus is associated with the second house in astrology, which rules values and money. That likely explains why Tauruses gravitate toward the finer things in life.
Taurus is an earth signand is most often associated with a stubborn nature. Its symbol is the bull and its members are considered to be resolute, and grounded – unafraid to take their time and quite resilient.


Patient and reliable
Warmhearted and loving
Persistent and determined
Placid and security loving

Jealous and possessive
Resentful and inflexible
Self-indulgent and greedy 

Strengths: reliable, patient, practical, devoted, responsible, stable
Weaknesses: stubborn, possessive, uncompromising


Those with the Sun in Taurus enjoy the physical world, live in the here and now, and engage life through their physical senses. They are solid, practical, slow-moving but hard-working individuals, whose greatest joy in life is luxuriating in the fruits of their labors.s
Patient
Reliable
Stubborn
Practical
Sensual

Taureans are reliable, patient, and practical. They are known for their strong willpower, determination, and love of comfort and luxury.

If you’re looking for a chill time, find a Taurus. Represented by the bull, Taurus’ are creatures of habit, homebodies who tend to be grounded and logical. While they can be a little materialistic and stubborn, they are good listeners and typically dependable.

The earthy bull is one of the most grounded Signs. It loves to indulge in earthly pleasures, being a sensualist, it enjoys all the finer things life has to offer- good food and drink, quality fabrics and objects, and luxurious experiences. That’s not to say they are extravagant, Taurus knows the true value of things, and while they are happy to pay for quality, they appreciate the balance with something that will last the test of time and earn them back their investment. Astute business people, they are hard-working and determined but may be overly fixated in their way of doing things. They are slow to move but have great stamina once they get started. They are practical, pragmatic, steadfast, dedicated, dependable, and stubborn.

Taurus natives are known for their stable and down-to-earth nature. They attach great importance to material security and enjoy the pleasures of life. Their sense of duty and loyalty make them great people



