Virgo is an earth sign historically represented by the goddess of wheat and agriculture, an association that speaks to Virgo’s deep-rooted presence in the material world. Virgos are logical, practical, and systematic in their approach to life. This earth sign is a perfectionist at heart and isn’t afraid to improve skills through diligent and consistent practice. Virgo rules the digestive system, which makes these earth signs especially attuned to the ingredients that make up a whole — in food and in everything else. They're hyper-aware of every detail.

Virgo is governed by Mercury, the messenger planet of communication. Though Mercury also rules Gemini, these two signs are radically different: Gemini is about output and expression, whereas Virgo is about input and processing. A Virgo deals with information like a computer, transforming even the most jumbled set of information into organized, clear concepts. Though Virgos long to be meticulous in all pursuits, they must remember that constantly chasing after the ideal can be destructive when applied to self or others. Beauty exists within our imperfections and it’s important for Virgos to learn that flaws are not defects.

Above all else, Virgos want to help. They are kind, gentle, and supportive friends and lovers who use their incredible intellect and resourcefulness to problem-solve. Virgo's opposite sign, Pisces, offers guidance through spirituality, but Virgos want to assist on a practical level. These earth signs are always striving to provide workable solutions and improve broken systems. Methodical, committed, and hardworking, they make excellent teachers, healers, editors, and musicians.

Perfectionist but self-critical

Meticulous, organised and diligent, if the world were to end tomorrow, you would want a Virgo to lead the march into the new dawn. However, that pesky niggle of self-doubt in their head means that they are often harsher on themselves than anybody else can be. 
Perfectionism

If you want something done, call anybody. But if you want it done right, call a Virgo. Methodical, meticulous and detail-oriented to a fault, the world is in disarray and it is clearly only your diligence that can set it back in order. 

Needs to feel useful
Has a quick fix for everything
Judgmental, but with good intentions
Exceptional spatial awareness
A million ideas per second

You're an Earth sign along with Taurus and Capricorn, making you practical and reliable, and because you're ruled by Mercury, you are speedy, organised and fiercely clever.

You have high standards and you know how things should be done. So yes, you're a bit of a control freak. It's your way or the highway. This can make your inner critic quite savage though, and there's no one harder on you than yourself. You work damn hard though, and there's no task too big or hard, whether it's for you or other people. You're helpful like that, Virgo.

Since you are very detail-oriented and love to take control of pretty much everything, you may sometimes come off as an obsessive perfectionist who annoyingly fixates on the tiniest details. Usually, you use this attention to detail to improve your workplace or the lives of those closest to you, even if it means skipping out on self-care. You insist on overextending yourself to make everything better—even if no one asked you to. Your sharp eye is great for picking out flaws, but when you use it to endlessly criticize someone, it takes a toll on your relationship.

You’re a diligent, considerate, and practical person who works your ass off and makes sure your loved ones are happy. In fact, you're one of the hardest-working signs of the whole zodiac. Whether it's a big work project or a vacation with your friends, everyone knows that when you're on the planning committee, shit gets done. And you enjoy it! You constantly want to help the people around you and you’re highly dependable for your intelligence and resourcefulness.

Practical, hardworking and analytical, Virgos are immensely talented at assessing the details of any situation and finding solutions to problem-solve them. They are natural-born organizers and value consistency, loyalty and productivity. They invest very much of themselves into their goals and plans but can become very critical if things do not develop as they had originally expected. This perfectionism is something that can grow into an obsession. However, because of their tenacity and intellectualism, they are usually able to create order out of chaos no matter what. Ultimately, Virgos are kind, grounded and trustworthy people — happy to help anyone they love who needs it.

You can count on a Virgo for anything from planning your birthday party to coaching you through your next presentation—and their resourcefulness is easily one of their many special strengths. “Virgo is capable of taking on high levels of responsibility, which fills them with a great sense of duty in the world,” says Marquardt. They’re used to wearing multiple hats at the same time and are often under the impression that they’re the best person to do it all. And if that belief gets challenged, they’ll push back and become stubborn (non-Virgos, you’ve been warned!).

On the other hand, striving for perfection can often wear this sign down. “Virgo is extra hard on themselves because they know how much they’re capable of accomplishing,” Marquardt says. If you misstep in front of a perfectionist Virgo, Quinn adds, you’ll never be able to live it down.

Virgos are associated with the sixth house of wellness and routine. (Ah, their detail-oriented nature and knack for scheduling makes sense now.)

In astrology, Virgo is “the maiden” or “virgin,” representing the ideal of wholeness and perfection, Montúfar says. This sign is literally designed to be industrious, methodical, and efficient.

Back in the earth element, Virgo, represented by the virgin or maiden symbol, is a deeply practical sign. Virgos are known to be analytical and detail-focused, which sometimes leads to perfectionism. They love to be of  help and have a fierce inner-critic.
Modest and shy 
Meticulous and reliable 
Practical and diligent 
Intelligent and analytical 

Fussy and a worrier 
Overcritical and harsh 
Perfectionist and conservative 

Strengths: loyal, analytical, kind, hardworking, practical
Weaknesses: shyness, worry, overly critical of self and others, all work and no play

Those with a Virgo Sun are driven by a desire to solve problems and create perfection. They are analytical, discerning, and keep their emotions in check while focusing on the details of task at hand.

Detail-oriented
Analytical
Practical
Perfectionist
Organized

Virgos are practical, detail-oriented, and analytical. They are often seen as perfectionists, and they excel in problem-solving and organization.

Logical and systematic, Virgos are infamously organised. They have a deep-rooted connection to the physical worlds and don’t tend to get lost in daydreams. They are productive, realists and perfectionists, which can make them a tad judgemental — but with good intentions.


The earthy analyst can be seen as the nighttime ruler of Mercury, more concerned with the critical, detail-orientated analysis and perfectionism than Gemini. They are also practical, grounded, and sensible, as well as flexible and open to change. They believe they always know best because they often do! However, this is not done in an over-bearing way, as Leo may sometimes, but in a more quietly discerning way- like the editors in the background. Their keen eye and judgement don’t miss a thing. In their meticulousness, they may become singleminded or overly judgemental but this is always in a quest to help others and improve a situation, even if their healing nature doesn’t always land well!

Virgos are meticulous and pragmatic, detail-oriented and efficient. They are organized and have a strong sense of duty. Their ability to solve problems makes them reliable friends in times of need. 