innovative, progressive, rebellious, and humanitarian
can often be found planning a revolution or proudly flaunting their funky fashion sensibility, they also have an often overlooked sensitive side that requires appreciation, support, and love.
all about the mind.
Intellectual, curious, and deeply social, passionate about interpersonal dynamics.
a larger-than-life, mythical being with one foot firmly planted on the soil (representing a sense of being grounded) and one positioned in the water. A
streams of inspiration to cultivate longevity, healing, and hope.
deep connection to community: Rooted in teamwork, collaboration, and the concept of the "greater good,"
determined to make a powerful difference in the world
innovation, technology, and surprising events
distinctive attitude, complementing the nontraditional nature of these visionary air signs.
big thinkers, but mustn't forget their immediate surroundings.
can become so focused on implementing widespread reform that they neglect their family and friends, gaining a reputation for being distant in relationships.
As the humanitarian of the zodiac
a reputation for being cold, aloof, and somewhat detached
hates small talk
totally disinterested in petty gossip and, frankly, could care less about people-please niceties.
committed to creating a large-scale impact from the ground up,
all about macro change
aspires to move the needle through radical social progress, so if they seem disinterested, it's likely because the issue at hand isn’t community-focused.
a rebel at heart:  don't mesh well with authority-figures, let alone any institution that represents tradition and long-standing convention.
Free-spirited and eccentric
offbeat fashion sensibilities, unusual hobbies, and nonconformist attitude.
stubborn streak — when this sign makes up their mind, there's no going back!
hardheadedness
hard for them to look at a situation from a different perspective.
obstinacy stems from strong, righteous conviction
deeply motivated by the spirit of egalitarianism, they enjoy teamwork and participating in communities of like-minded individuals.
need plenty of space and time on their own to reflect, form ideas, and plan their role in the revolution.
freedom is of the utmost importance
view challenges to their independence as power-hungry attempts to control them
thrives on shock value
they're known to be stubborn, and too many strongly opinionated people
 loves the fearless autonomy and the intellectual connection
 attracted to fellow revolutionaries — people who are spirited, passionate, and dedicated to making the world a better place.
drawn to lovers who aren't afraid to break the rules
steadfast commitment to the cause
 always thinking big-picture
Philosophical but detached
A deep-thinker with a humanitarian streak, grand plans to change the world.
reclusive nature makes it hard for them to establish bonds with those around them.
Philosophical
not one to get tied down with arbitrary ideals.
reputation as detached and aloof, analytical and innovative
would rather stand at the fringes of the crowd instead of following the herd
Purposefully esoteric
No feelings, just concepts
More in love with humanity as a whole than individuals
Always feels like an outcast
Fetishizes personal freedom
smart, analytical and original.
hugely creative and unique
unconventional and eccentric ways can make you a little unpredictable.
you're a bit weird
your weirdness is what makes you so wonderful
Your analytical nature can make you a bit detached.
If anyone's got serious bottled up emotion, it's you.
You're strong though and very independent.
It just takes a lot for you to let someone in.
Everyone gets it—you’re unique!
You love to stand out and, true to your nature as an air sign, love to talk and socialize even more.
Nothing makes you happier than when you get to add your controversial opinion to a discussion
you make it a point to share your ~different~ and *special* thoughts all the time.
you’re the zodiac’s archetypal rebel.
This is the root of your humanitarian and progressive views
all about fighting the power—but it also causes your unpredictable and sometimes annoying behavior.
 natural revolutionary born to assert your independence in every way possible.
deeply creative thinker and often dream about changing the world with your big ideas and unconventional attitude.
innovator who sees the world in a unique way, and you work hard to make the world better, too.
You're one of the most idealistic signs of the zodiac, and you live up to your values.
Intellectual, independent and contemplative
often deeply focused on their beliefs and ideas
hungry for knowledge
Open to exploring new concepts, once they have found their core analysis, they will not waver from their point of view.
a sense of brilliance for exploring more about life and people but
stubborn and close-minded
Aquarian people are especially social.
They like to present themselves as unique, eccentric and inventive — different from the crowd.
humanitarian-focused, visionaries, and progressive souls interested in making the world a much better place.
 innovative mind and courage to be weird (and they can get really weird)
they don’t care about what’s socially acceptable
they’re all about squashing the norms and progressing forward
these revolutionaries tend to be hyper-independent, creating a distance between themselves and others.
they value their alone time and won’t tie their partner down
passion for the larger global community
very honest—almost to a fault
don’t like conflict, but will speak their mind, often with powerful honesty
won’t hold back to spare others’ feelings.
community and friendship
their rebel-with-a-cause energy
They are forward thinkers, and thought to be incredibly truthful and intelligent
their creative and intellectual energy
The quirky alternative
beats to the rhythm of its own drum
They are forward-thinkers, innovators, constantly looking towards the next big thing and deeply concerned with the collective
Humanitarians at heart
they may be a bit removed at times, not in touch with their emotions too focused on the whole rather than the individual parts.
intellectual, offbeat individuals- who like to be known as such
they are progressive, independent, and idealistic
hey’re comfortable on the fringes of society and have a unique vision of the world.
original and independent, with a humanitarian mentality.
They are attracted to progressive ideas and love to champion just causes.
Their innovative nature makes them unique in their approach to life
Friendly and humanitarian 
Honest and loyal 
Original and inventive 
Independent and intellectual
Intractable and contrary 
Perverse and unpredictable 
Unemotional and detached
Progressive, original, independent, humanitarian
Runs from emotional expression, temperamental, uncompromising, aloof
driven by a desire to make the world a better place and to help everyone they can along the way
they are unorthodox and unconventional and usually have an eclectic collection of friends from every walk of life
Innovative
Unconventional
Humanitarian
Independent
Detached
They often have unique ideas and are dedicated to making the world a better place.
the most humanitarian of the Zodiac
They are esoteric and thrive in large groups, and are typically emotionally intelligent and empathetic

