loves to be number one
audacious
Bold and ambitious
dives headfirst into even the most challenging situations
passionate, motivated, and confident leader who builds community with their cheerful disposition and relentless determination
Uncomplicated and direct in their approach,
they often get frustrated by exhaustive details and unnecessary nuances
They like things quick and dirty
leads with blind optimism, barreling through life with an electric joie de vivre that perfectly complements their distinctive impulsivity.
think after they leap, which often results in lessons learned the hard way.
represents the singular spirit
adhere to an “every person for themselves” philosophy
self-determination
needs to watch out for selfish tendencies.
the dynamic, courageous, always armed and ready for battle.
explosive temper
they’re upbeat, positive, and playful creatures who enjoy living life to the fullest.
excelling on the sports field, speeding down the highway, or organizing a vibrant party game
Competitive but insecure
nothing they cannot achieve once they set their mind to it
no mountain is too high
nursing a hidden imposter syndrome that can chip away at their confidence if allowed free rein.
Courage
always ready to dive headfirst into a challenge
up-and-at-’em attitude
they don’t let life’s setbacks keep them down for long
Thinks everything is a game they can win
Will do anything on a dare
Easily bored
natural born leader
known for being ballsy and pioneering
You're tenacious and don't get scared.
You like to take risks, try new experiences and get an adrenaline rush
passionate and full of fire
you are not boring
energetic and creative, you don't fixate on the past. No regrets.
Your optimism and hope makes you caring and generous
your need for recognition and attention can be a little, well, infantile.
You naturally assert your ideas and opinions in any situation no matter the context, and you tend to make things about yourself.
It feels good to be recognized for your accomplishments
you chase this validation and demand others acknowledge how you feel, what you say, and what you do 24/7. I
can come off as self-centered
And you think that ANY kind of attention is good attention.
Your great ideas, creative mind, and natural drive form the skill set of an incredible leader—which you have the potential to be.
Your competitive nature will contribute to your many successes in life, making your achievements a positive influence in the lives of the people around you.
passion to inspire your peers with your abundant enthusiasm
Bold, pioneering and courageous, the leader of the zodiac.
They are daring and adventurous and are unafraid to strike out into unknown territory where others would be unable to go.
An eternal child at heart, energetic and aggressive, filled with an enthusiasm for life
can be quick to anger, but also just as eager to laugh and move on
ambitious, active and honest, eager to open themselves up to every one of life’s possibilities
independent and enjoy sharing their fiery personalities with the world
leader of the pack
prefer to initiate
Their boldness is one of many strengths that has earned them their rebel reputation
willing to try new things and take risks
fearlessness
Their passion and fire energy can also make them very aggressive, with a hot head, which can wound others because of their hasty and impulsive actions
they usually have to be entertained or they can get restless pretty quickly,
see everything as a competition, and they can fight in an empty room
over-competitiveness, puts a ton of pressure to win
determined and eager to be the best version of themselves—no matter what it takes
known to be competitive, and to often get their way
warm, bold and lively
Adventurous and energetic
Pioneering and courageous
Enthusiastic and confident
Dynamic and quick-witted
Selfish and quick-tempered
Impulsive and impatient
Foolhardy and daredevil 
courageous, determined, confident, enthusiastic, optimistic, honest, passionate
impatient, moody, short-tempered, impulsive, aggressive
self-centered, take the initiative, act independently and are passionate about life
outgoing individuals who are friendly but strong-willed, ambitious, and want to be number one in everything they do.
Energetic
Courageous
Independent
Impulsive
Competitive
known for their enthusiasm, courage, and leadership qualities. They are often seen as confident, competitive, and adventurous.
competitive edge
unafraid of conflict and almost disarmingly blunt
commendably fearless and ambitious — with a knack for coming out on top.
 bold and life path carving
knows exactly what it needs and when, and is not afraid to demand it.
They’re brave and fearless leaders, sure it what they want and deserve, courageously standing tall in their opinions.
concerned with the Self, not in a selfish way, but in a way that is unafraid to take up space.
They are direct, passionate, and headstrong.
 pioneer of the zodiac, due to their impulsive and bright energy.
 They love a challenge and are always ready to take the initiative.
 Their self-confidence and competitive spirit propel them towards new adventures with unfailing determination.