ability to exist in both emotional and material realms
highly intuitive and their psychic abilities manifest in tangible spaces
can effortlessly pick up the energies in a room
highly sensitive to their environments, as well as extremely self-protective
shielded by hard, external shells, may be perceived as cold or distant
gentle nature, genuine compassion, and mystical capabilities
 it takes a while to get to know them.
represents comfort, self-care, and maternal energies, tend to be domestically oriented.
They love to create cozy, safe spaces that serve as their personal sanctuaries, then spend lots of time in them.
care deeply about their families and are quick to adopt caregiver roles
 blurring the line between attentive nurturing and controlling behavior.
 attract friends and lovers through their loyalty, commitment, and emotional depth
 excellent hosts and enjoy entertaining with comfort food and free-flowing libations
attachment to the home
avoid direct conflict by walking at an angle, they can inflict a harsh pinch with their distinctive brand of passive-aggressiveness
difficult to talk openly about what's bothering them
Passionate but uncommunicative
brooding fortress erected to protect themselves
deep, undying love and loyalty
 they aren’t the best at communicating what is in their hearts
Loyal
passion, warmth and a nurturing spirit, loyal as the day is long.
The homebody of the zodiac wheel, your loved ones feel a sense of belonging when they are with you.
Sensitive
Seeks comfort
Forgives but never forgets
Only has one boundary, but it is very firm
Takes on other people's problems
You don't get much more loyal than you
emotional depth, understanding and compassion
You put yourself in other people's shoes. You listen – like, properly listen – and you keep their secrets.
intuitive, empathetic and emotional
 if anyone holds a grudge, it's you.
You do tend to be a bit clingy though and despite your incredible empathy, you can't always tell when someone needs their space.
your mood can be a bit all over the place
quite fragile, caring and kind
Emotions are abundant you’re especially sensitive to them
insist on acting on your feelings all the time, you come off as moody and your distinct crabbiness can make you controlling and passive-aggressive.
people have a hard time understanding how to handle you.
others have to bear the brunt of your feelings while stifling their own, it is an unfair exchange
Your empathy is through the roof, natural intuition and nurturing instincts come from
the caregiver of your group, making people naturally want to be in your presence. Y
our loving nature is one of your greatest assets, and your ability to take care of people is second to none, which is one of the reasons your sign is so adored!
Your feelings are strong, and your empathy is even stronger
Sensitive, emotional and receptive, put their hearts fully into anything they believe in.
they have a hard shell to crack before you can get to their softest side.
These people also tend to be especially nurturing, valuing domesticity and family greatly.
Building a stable and safe home is important, as they need a great deal of time to recharge their batteries
also known to be especially moody and temperamental, though, as they are heavily impacted by the people, energy and situations that surround them
capacity for love—and the lengths they’ll go to for the people they care about
they’re very loyal
Intuitive and tenacious, sticks to their roots and excels at getting what it wants to protect their family and loved ones,
they will protect them at all costs
they tend to be very well-spoken and in touch with their emotions.ides
feel so deeply, they tend to have large mood swings, And when they feel scared, they go into their shell
ome, family, and origins, unconditional love and protectiveness.
deeply emotional creatures, with high levels of sentimentality, compassion and loyalty.
Emotional and loving
Intuitive and imaginative
Shrewd and cautious
Protective and sympathetic
Changeable and moody
Overemotional and touchy
Clinging and unable to let go
tenacious, highly imaginative, loyal, emotional, sympathetic, persuasive
moody, pessimistic, suspicious, manipulative, insecure
world of emotions and are sensitive in every sense of the word. Their greatest need is to feel secure, safe and comfortable, and home, family, and friends come before anything else.
Nurturing
Emotional
Caring
Protective
Sensitive
emotional sensitivity and nurturing nature. They are often protective, family-oriented, and empathetic.
great at putting up walls.
keen to protect its emotions, is sensitive and struggles to say no.
Their personalities are layered and what you see is not always what you get, but they are relatively self aware.
nurturing, emotional Sign
strong sense of family and taking care of those they love
highly in touch with their emotions and may be prone to moodiness
warm, healing touch, caring deeply about others and desiring to show their love- especially through food if they can
Everything related to hearth and home is  their domain, from cooking to ancestry and the maternal figure.
They are loyal, protective, and intuitive but may become too much creatures of comfort stuck in their routines.
sensitive and intuitive souls, deeply attached to their inner circle.
They have a big heart and will do anything for their loved ones.
Their creativity and emotional understanding make them empathetic friends