fixation on balance and harmony
obsessed with symmetry and strives to create equilibrium in all areas of life.
the aesthetes of the zodiac, love, beauty, and money, adore high art, intellectualism, and connoisseurship.
surround themselves with stunning objects and create environments that reflect their exquisite tastes.
symbolizes "we." Relationships are paramount, find balance in companionship.
 They love harmonious partnerships with fashionable mates, especially those who make attractive arm candy.
highly motivated by physical appearance.
they try to keep everyone happy and engaged
People-pleasing
great at launching new initiatives
consider multiple perspectives in all pursuits, they struggle with indecision.
can navigate virtually any social situation, effortlessly resolving conflicts by simply turning on the charm.
Empathetic but indecisive
a comforting shoulder during times of distress and truly put themselves in your shoes,
empathetic side of theirs can sometimes get derailed by their inability to make up their mind
fear of confrontations, which means that you never truly know which side they stand on
Balance
Harmony and peace
known for your sense of fairness and justice that drives you to establish equilibrium in all aspects of your life.
Hates being alone
Really good aesthetics
Conflict avoidant
Sees every side
Prone to fantasy
Can't make decisions
charming and cool.
You're an over-thinker which makes you indecisive.
Your love of balance means you can't stand mess, and being ruled by Venus, you're into beautiful things.
You want everything to look nice.
If there's one thing you can't stand, it's being alone.
ou're probably a relationship person because, whether you like to admit it or not, you love love.
your sign is usually guilty of being  flighty and superficial
You’re a natural people pleaser, super-social attitude, acting differently in order to fit in with those around you
over-the-top people-pleasing
can be codependent
You’re a social butterfly and the biggest people person ever
it’s ridiculously easy for you to make and keep new friends. You can fit in anywhere with your intrinsic social graces, and people love your wit and manners.
You have the ability to resolve conflicts just by turning on the charm, making you a perfect asset to your friend group and in social gatherings
You're a natural diplomat!
Charming, social and diplomatic, value peace and balance above all.
They strive for fairness in life and in their relationships.
They also have a natural tendency to surround themselves with beauty and luxury
Eternal romantics, they crave relationships and partnerships
can at times lead them into codependency
excellent negotiators.
They tend to process their feelings intellectually but are also deeply sensitive people.
This can sometimes lead them to be indecisive, as they do everything possible to avoid conflict.
experts at keeping the peace
aims to make a positive and meaningful impression in the world and seeks to be a source of joy for others
An intellectual sign, epitome of beauty, balance, harmony, and a sense of fair play.
being a people-pleaser, they try to make everyone happy
cannot choose a side
They’re also natural flirts and love to be loved
partnerships
known to be lovers – both romantic and artistic
propensity for indecision and struggling to commit
desire to maintain harmony and peace
Diplomatic and urbane 
Romantic and charming 
Easygoing and sociable 
Idealistic and peaceable
Indecisive and changeable 
Gullible and easily influenced
Flirtatious and self-indulgent
cooperative, diplomatic, gracious, fair-minded, social
indecisive, avoids confrontations, will carry a grudge, self-pity
driven to initiate relationships, make connections, and create perfect balance and harmony.
They are conversationalists with a pleasing demeanor, strong intellect, and a keen mind.
They tend to surround themselves with beauty, art, and interesting people.
Charming
Diplomatic
Balanced
Social
Indecisive
diplomatic, charming, and sociable. They have a strong sense of justice and balance and value harmony in relationships.
they can appear both introverted and extroverted, logical yet creative, spontaneous but organised.  This is because they tend to morph to aid the comfort of their company.
focused on keeping the peace and strive to create equilibrium
 very concerned with its relationship to others.
omance, they are in a constant search for balance, peace, and harmony with others.
Ever the diplomat, loves to bridge the gap between people and is keen not to offend, take sides, or make an extreme decision
Happy to go along with others, relationships are often an important part of their life
they may never be single
They have a strong sense of fairness and justice, and are are eager mediators.
They are idealistic and imaginative, but may be indecisive and self-pitying.
diplomats, seeking harmony and balance in all aspects of their lives.
social and like to work as part of a team.
Their sense of justice and charm make them pleasant companions.