attention between fantasy and reality
psychic, empathetic, and compassionate creatures
immense sensitivity, can become swallowed by emotions
creativity and dreams,  adore exploring their boundless imaginations.
illusion and escapism, mirages, impressionable
a reputation for being flaky or delusional.
 adapts to their surroundings.
 These visionary have unparalleled access to the collective unconscious through their clairvoyance and make incredible artists and creatives.
 Kind and gentle, they're invigorated by shared experiences of music and romance.
deep spiritual exploration.
Whimsical but over-sensitive
imaginative mind, realm of fantasy
Their kind, nurturing personality can prove to be a double-edged sword though, because their overtly sensitive heart is easily wounded
tendency to play the victim.
Romantic
see the world through rose-coloured glasses but your hopelessly romantic soul is grounded in a deep sense of intuition, sensitivity and empathy
connect with people on a deeper level
Can't remember if they dreamt it or it actually happened
Excessively romantic
Prone to fantasy
deeply emotional and compassionate.
super intuitive, faithful and caring.
 tendency to overthink which can make you anxious.
empathetic and understanding, you are often disappointed.
Words definitely can hurt you and it probably won't surprise you to learn that you can be a little over-sensitive.
Kindness is your strength.
You likely have an artistic side and don't mind being on your own listening to music or doing something arty.
Your kindness and creative spirit make your relationships passionate and dreamy, resulting in deep, spiritual connections.
You're deeply intuitive and compassionate, it's almost otherworldly
You’re always tucked away in your own little world, lost in your daydreams.
reputation of being flaky
 You’re more emotionally wide open, filled with compassion, and incredibly sensitive.
 Minor shifts in emotional atmosphere, you perceive as blaring sirens and flashing lights
You get overwhelmed easily
Imaginative, intuitive and emotional
They have an innate connection to the mystical and spiritual world, often drawn to deeply romantic, creative or transformative experiences.
They are especially compassionate and sensitive, often putting the needs of others before themselves.
They are excellent friends, enjoying a vivid social life filled with many unique people.
Highly empathic, they can tune into energy that most other people ignore.
this can cause them to become overwhelmed or impressionable to others.
Dreamy and spiritual
intuitive, empathetic, and an expert in daydreaming,
caring, loyal, and loving nature
letting their imagination run wild
unrealistic expectations and extra scatter-brainedness
sometimes forgetful because their own fantastical thoughts can be distracting from their real-life obligations,
subconscious and dreams
known to be highly empathetic and intuitive, easily reading the emotions of others and very much ruled by their own.
They are understanding and romantic and experience the world with a heightened sensitivity.
Imaginative and sensitive 
Compassionate and kind 
Selfless and unworldly 
Intuitive and sympathetic
Escapist and idealistic 
Secretive and vague 
Weak-willed and easily led
Compassionate, artistic, intuitive, gentle, wise, musical
Fearful, overly trusting, sad, desire to escape reality, can be a victim or a martyr
selfless and strive to connect with the ethereal and experience heaven on earth.
These are friendly, adaptable, unassuming, private, deeply sensitive and emotional individuals, who see the best in others.
Imaginative and artistic
Gentle and wise
Compassionate and kind
Intuitive and sympathetic
A desire to escape reality
Secretive and vague
Weak-willed and easily led
Overly trusting
Compassionate
Imaginative
Sensitive
Dreamy
Artistic
compassionate, imaginative, and artistic.
They have a strong connection to their emotions and often have a dreamy, intuitive nature
they tend to be intuitive and sensitive, but are still keen to learn more.
However, they can sometimes struggle to live in the real world, straddling the line between fantasy and reality.
They are deeply mystical and connected to the ethers, big dreams and in touch with their emotions and intuition,
boundary-less and formless, able to seamlessly adapt to those around them, often absorbing others’ energy unknowingly
They may be prone to losing themselves or getting duped by illusions or spending too much time in the clouds and dream world
They may also be prone to escapism, whether that be substances or daydreaming, not facing situations as they are
Incredibly empathetic and generous, they are willing to give of themselves greatly but need to beware of giving too much and being impressionable
Their imagination makes them highly creative, as well as being friendly, sensitive, kind, and caring.
creative and sensitive dreamers, with deep empathy for others.
They are intuitive and have a spiritual connection.
Their ability to feel emotions deeply often makes them compassionate friends