incredible passion and power, derives its strength from the psychic, emotional realm.
extremely clairvoyant and intuitive.
distinctive venomous sting. lie in wait and strike when least expected. constantly plotting several steps ahead in order to orchestrate an eventual checkmate.
know what they want and aren't afraid to work hard and play the long game to get it.
They never show their cards and their enigmatic nature is what makes them so seductive and beguiling
most closely associated with sex, pleasure, sensual
They also crave the physical closeness, spiritual illumination, and emotional intimacy sex can provide.
destruction and transformation, ambitious and enticing , relentless desire for control
Power-hungry
intrinsic intensity
unparalleled empathy, depth, and commitment that brighten even the darkest parts
Intense but secretive
The fiery, intense personality
take care of your emotional needs
they remain notoriously secretive about their own
Passionate
Among the most misunderstood signs
 aggressive and confrontational, deep-rooted passion for standing up for the underdog
deeply passionate nature means that you won’t go down without a fight
a ball-buster; confident and set in your ways
 incredibly emotional (not that you'll ever admit it) and you have a deep desire for connection
You are not one for forgiveness. No one messes with you.
You'll fight tooth and nail for the people you love though; you're fiercely protective.
There's no one better to have fighting your corner than you
Your sign loves mysteries and is a natural at getting to the bottom of things.
You find a deeper meaning in everything and are magnetically drawn to anything shrouded in secrecy.
You also seem to have a massive desire to control, which makes you extremely calculated and constantly scheming to make sure things go your way
very powerful unconscious mind.
you become suspicious, play mind games
You can come off as inappropriate or too intense
You are extremely ambitious and know exactly what you want—and you’re willing to work hard to get it.
When you're really determined, nothing can get in your way. And with your highly intuitive nature, you’re always looking for answers.
Your intensity and depth in relationships helps you build an everlasting trust with the people closest to you.
You're one of the most loyal signs of the zodiac, and your close friendships are super important to you.
Intense, passionate and cunning, “all or nothing” kinds of people.
They have a natural ability to enchant others, utilizing their powerful minds and auras to dominate situations and relationships.
Deeply emotional, they can brood in the extremes of their feelings.
Craving intimacy and psychological depth above all, they navigate the world like a game in order to win and conquer whatever they set their sights upon.
can be quite secretive, sexual and subtle.
They also tend to be very fixed in their ways — unrelenting until they get what they want.
this intensity may seem shocking,
borderline psychic ability
They have a keen intuition as a water sign, and their intuition is highly focused
they can be kinda hot and cold
love unraveling mysteries
they tend to withhold sharing secrets of their own
Being mysterious and elusive
 unwillingness to be vulnerable makes them prone to holding grudges
love hard, so you can expect them to fight till the end for the people they care about
eloquent, intellectual, and curious.
they tend to be determined and stable
super independent. They won’t ask for help—mostly because of their pride
sex and taboo, sensual
particularly mysterious and intense if not a bit difficult to know.
They are deeply passionate and independent.
Determined and forceful 
Emotional and intuitive 
Powerful and passionate 
Exciting and magnetic
Jealous and resentful 
Compulsive and obsessive 
Secretive and obstinate
resourceful, brave, passionate, stubborn, a true friend
distrusting, jealous, secretive, violent
sense everything, show nothing, and are driven by a desire to feel and investigate life at the deepest and darkest levels.
These powerful individuals and have the ability to overcome massive obstacles and pain in life and rise up out of the ashes.
Intense
Passionate
Determined
Mysterious
Resilient
intense, determined, and secretive.
They are known for their loyalty, passion, and ability to delve deep into the mysteries of life.
Witty, complex and dynamic:
often get a bad wrap for being mischievous or manipulative
one of the most misunderstood zodiac signs
they can be elusive and a touch hot-headed, they tend to hide an emotional core
The deepest, most mysterious Sign
intense and magnetic, not afraid to plunge to its own depths and those of others.
It does not shy away from the darker sides of life and is an expert and transformation.
They are in touch with their emotions, intuition, subconscious, and the mystical side to life.
 They have a keen sense of perception but may keep themselves hidden, prone to secrecy.
 They are determined, ambitious, and obsessive.
passionate and mysterious, always searching for truth and depth.
They feel intensely and have a gift for personal transformation. Their magnetic presence often intrigues others